Add architecture documentation (#2165)
stacklok/toolhive: docs/arch/07-groups.md

```

## Implementation

### RunConfig Field

**Implementation**: `pkg/runner/config.go`

```json
{
  "name": "data-reader",
  "group": "data-pipeline",
  "image": "ghcr.io/example/data-reader:latest"
}
```

### Group Operations

Groups support standard lifecycle operations: create, list, and remove. Workloads can be assigned to groups at creation time or moved between groups. When removing a group, workloads are by default moved to the `default` group rather than deleted.

**Implementation**:
- CLI commands: `cmd/thv/app/group.go`
- Group manager: `pkg/groups/`
- Workload integration: `pkg/workloads/manager.go`

## Registry Groups

Registry groups are predefined collections of servers that can be deployed together as a unit. These groups are defined in the registry schema and support both container-based and remote MCP servers.

**Architecture:**
- Registry groups are defined in the registry schema alongside individual servers
- Groups can contain heterogeneous workload types (containers + remote servers)
- Group deployment creates a runtime group with all member servers
- Each server maintains its individual identity and configuration

**Implementation**: `pkg/registry/types.go`

> **Use case**: Deploy complete stacks (e.g., a full data processing pipeline) with a single command, ensuring all required components are available together.

Reviewer: Consider adding a note that the default registry currently contains no predefined groups. While the registry schema (`pkg/registry/data/schema.json`), types (`pkg/registry/types.go`), and CLI command (`thv group run`) are fully implemented, the actual `pkg/registry/data/registry.json` file contains no predefined groups.

**Impact:** Users cannot currently use `thv group run` with the default registry as the documentation might suggest.

```suggestion
**Use case**: Deploy complete stacks (e.g., a full data processing pipeline) with a single command, ensuring all required components are available together.

**Note**: The default registry currently contains no predefined groups. This feature is available for custom registries or future additions to the default registry.
```

**Architecture:**
- Client manager reads group membership from workload metadata
- All servers in a group can be added to client configuration as a unit
- Group membership is maintained in client configuration for organizational purposes

**Implementation**: `pkg/client/`

## Use Cases

### 1. Related Services

**Scenario**: Multiple MCP servers that work together

**Example**: Data processing pipeline
- `data-reader` - Reads from various sources
- `data-transformer` - Transforms data formats
- `data-writer` - Writes to destinations

**Group**: `data-pipeline`

### 2. Environment Separation

**Scenario**: Same tools in different environments

**Groups**:
- `production` - Production servers
- `staging` - Staging servers
- `development` - Dev servers

### 3. Team Organization

**Scenario**: Different teams manage different servers

**Groups**:
- `backend-team` - Backend development tools
- `frontend-team` - Frontend development tools
- `data-team` - Data analysis tools

## Future Features

Groups serve as the foundation for upcoming features:

> - **Virtual MCP Servers**: Aggregate group into single interface (proposal in PR #2106)

Reviewer: **Stale PR reference**: Linking to specific PRs in documentation causes staleness.

```suggestion
- **Virtual MCP Servers**: Aggregate multiple servers in a group into a single unified interface (proposed, under consideration)
```

Remove the PR reference to avoid documentation becoming outdated as PR status changes.

**Benefits:**
- Organizational structure for managing multiple servers
- Client configuration (configure clients to use all servers in a group)
- Foundation for future aggregation features
- Logical grouping for access control

## Architecture

```mermaid
graph TB
    Group[Group: data-pipeline]
    Group --> W1[Workload 1<br/>data-reader]
    Group --> W2[Workload 2<br/>data-processor]
    Group --> W3[Workload 3<br/>data-storage]

    W1 --> Container1[Container]
    W2 --> Container2[Container]
    W3 --> Remote[Remote MCP]

    style Group fill:#ba68c8
    style W1 fill:#90caf9
    style W2 fill:#90caf9
    style W3 fill:#90caf9
```

## Implementation

### RunConfig Field

**Implementation**: `pkg/runner/config.go:148`

```json
{
  "name": "data-reader",
  "group": "data-pipeline",
  "image": "ghcr.io/example/data-reader:latest"
}
```

### Group Operations

**Create group by adding workloads:**
```bash
thv run server1 --group data-pipeline
thv run server2 --group data-pipeline
```

**List all groups:**
```bash
thv group list
```

**List workloads in group:**
```bash
thv group list data-pipeline
```

**Move workload between groups:**
```bash

> thv group move server1 --from data-pipeline --to development

Reviewer: doesn't exist
